Thomas and Friends lightning on it was a
fine day in the arms and Thompson Annie
and Clarabel into the favorite side and
now my older Watertown Percy was going
to help Clarabel
it was to meet one Clara back couldn't
meet to get only room for two drinks
only one for trains biggest Gordon Percy
hold the workmen on a turntable to turn
it around don't work Monday Thank You
Percy back up okay Thomas
Oh Danny just
Thank You Tommy Danny okay Baresi your
turn this one comes back up Thermal
things then the gates closed tree party
stop whoa what's that truck citrusy
looks familiar and wearable yeah you're
liking the clean from Radiator Springs
magically liking the Queens and Thomas
I'm gonna move our anyway don't you feel
more and as his top off sorry goodbye my
being samac thereby to let me know you
drove off hello he said to handle Percy
and Thomas Oh y'all stay back
is that Thomas yes it is nice to see you
again
the gates three years for the rope
Percy you learn about go past and put
Thomas and Percy up okay about engine
this one yeah wonderful on here I see
there is something to working to make
new tracks all the time it's amazing
yeah oh can you take me around found
Donna thought I don't have any work
today at least don't have to trip with
what's the drop with hatch by traffic
Toby and rock Rivera legal he gon send
rakhi but it's too late they bumped into
tobu sorry sir Thomas that's ok you
should kill me
Tom's Tom's God